Added text to state that the not operator isn't supported. (#4263)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/users/index.md

> **Note:** Results from the Search API are computed from asynchronously indexed and eventually consistent data. The indexing delay is typically less than one second.

> Property names in the search parameter are case sensitive, whereas operators (`eq`, `sw`, and so on) and string values are case insensitive.  Unlike in [user logins](#okta-login), diacritical marks are significant in search string values: a search for `isaac.brock` will find `Isaac.Brock` but will not find a property whose value is `isáàc.bröck`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Property names in the search parameter are case sensitive, whereas operators (`eq`, `sw`, and so on) and string values are case insensitive. Unlike with [user logins](#okta-login), diacritical marks are significant in search string values: a search for `isaac.brock` finds `Isaac.Brock`, but doesn't find a property whose value is `isáàc.bröck`.
```
